Can you call Mr. Si now and ask him to come over?
This reckless thing, don't you mess with anyone?
Do you still want to see our new addition and stick to me?
Dragon war, dragon war, let's play each other!
Come in! It’s this little Ta,
Give me a good meal and put his finger on it,
I'll take responsibility for everything else! Just because you hurry up, you don't have to protect the sky.
Go in and pick up my old man! Who in the whole Jiangcheng doesn’t know this?
The Shenglong project is no longer guaranteed by our red envelope.
I want to see which one doesn't know how to die?
Hurry up, they are too talkative
He's hiding it from you so he can't laugh